SERENA
Oh,
this is such beautiful weather.
It feels so nice out.
The best thing to do on a day
like this is run!
Let's go, Pikachu!
SERENA
'Ash, what are you doing?'
Huh!
‐ Huh.
‐ Ha‐ha‐ha!
I found a Trainer!
Ha‐ha‐ha!
Huh? Who are you?
Can we help you with something?
Number ninety‐nine
and that's gonna be you!
"Number ninety‐nine?"
What are you talking about?
[CONFUSED]
Now, what do you think?
I'm talking about you and I
having a Pokémon battle!
CLEMONT
So you're a Trainer, too?
KORRINA
Yeah, that's right!
Korrina's my name!
My partner's over there!
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
‐ Hey, is that..
[EXERTION]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Mega Revelations!"
NARRATOR On the
road to Shalour City
and Ash's next Gym battle
our heroes have
an unexpected encounter
with a Trainer
named Korrina
along with her partner,
Lucario.
POKEDEX
Lucario, the Aura Pokémon.
And the evolved form of Riolu.
'Lucario reads
the thoughts of others'
'and anticipates their movements
by sensing their auras.'
Looks like a tough opponent!
[EXCITED]
Wow, so cool!
[Korrina chuckles]
This is perfect!
We're in top form today! Yeah!
So, we're on?
We're having a battle, right?
‐ Here and now?
‐ Right!
I wanted to do some trainin'
before I challenge
the Shalour Gym anyway!
[EXCITED]
What do you know?
The Shalour Gym!
‐ Are you Trainers, too?
‐ Huh?
Are you gonna challenge
the Shalour Gym?
Mm‐um, we're not challenging
any Gyms on this trip!
But as far as being Trainers,
you guessed right.
Hi! I'm Serena.
Hi, there! I'm Bonnie!
This is Dedenne,
and this is my brother!
My name's Clemont.
It's nice to meet you.
[FRIENDLY]
My name's Ash!
Great to meet you!
This's my partner, Pikachu!
[FRIENDLY]
[DETERMINED]
[instrumental music]
Hey, Ash, let's go!
Make the first move!
You got it!
Let's do this, buddy!
Quick Attack!
Lucario, stop them!
[EXERTION]
PIKACHU
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
Iron Tail, let's go!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Quick, block it!
LUCARIO
[FOCUSED]/[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
‐ It deflected it!
I'm getting the feeling
that Lucario
is capable of much more.
Beating it won't be easy.
Come on, Ash and Pikachu!
You can do it!
Let's keep up
the pressure, Pikachu.
We'll be fine!
[CONFIDENT]
Now, use Iron Tail!
Dodge it, Lucario!
PIKACHU/LUCARIO
[IRON TAIL MOVE]/[DODGING]
Now, use Swords Dance!
[SWORDS DANCE MOVE]
It raised its attack power!
[chuckles]
Okay, Lucario! Bone Rush!
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
PIKACHU
[PAINED]
‐ No way!
‐ Huh?
Pikachu! Oh, no!
[CONCERNED]
Hey, Clemont?
Bone Rush is a ground‐type move,
isn't it?
Um‐hm, it's super effective
against an electric‐type
like Pikachu.
'Not only that,
its attack power'
'got a boost
from the Swords Dance.'
'Pikachu's in big trouble!'
Alright. Now that's what
I call a hit!
Okay, let's keep up the pressure
with another Bone Rush!
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
Pikachu, get up, now!
[STRUGGLING]/[SURPRISED]
LUCARIO [BONE RUSH
MOVE] PIKACHU [PAINED]
Attack one more time!
LUCARIO/PIKACHU
[BONE RUSH MOVE]/[PAINED]
Pikachu, no!
[STRUGGLING]
[POWER‐UP PUNCH MOVE]
‐ Ah?
‐ Huh?
Awesome. There it is!
The Power‐Up Punch!
[STUNNED]
ASH
Pikachu!
[panting]
Are you okay?
Well, alright, Ash,
it looks like we won.
Here's a Sitrus Berry.
This will help.
Ah, thanks a lot.
This'll make you feel better,
Pikachu.
KORRINA
That Pikachu of yours
is pretty strong.
But you're not gonna be
able to beat the Shalour Gym.
How can you be so sure?
You see..
I know the Shalour Gym
Leader, 'cause it's me!
‐ What? No way!
‐ Huh?
[SHOCKED]
You're the Shalour City
Gym Leader?
Wow. No wonder you're so strong.
Now. That's ninety‐nine wins!
One more to go.
[PROUD]
[stomach growls]
Uh‐huh.
Nothing's more embarrassing
than a growling tummy.
But we really can't
help it at all
since Pokémon battles
take a whole lot of energy!
[AGREEMENT]
I know what you mean!
I'm feeling kinda hungry, too!
[AGREEMENT]
Alright, so why don't we all
have a little lunch?
‐ Yeah!
‐ Yes, please!
Huh?
[chuckles]
I can't believe
Clemont made all of this!
Delicious!
Your cooking is number one!
I appreciate the compliment.
Thank you.
SERENA
How are the Poké Puffs?
'I used Pecha Berries
to make the topping.'
[SATISFIED]
It looks like Lucario
loves them!
Really? I'm so glad!
Hey, Korrina.
What's that thing?
‐ Oh, it's a Key Stone.
‐ A Key Stone?
I thought so!
It looks just like
the one Diantha has!
Diantha?
Wow, you met the Champion?
Mm‐hm, yeah, we met her
just the other day.
CLEMONT
We saw Diantha using
her Key Stone with Gardevoir
for its Mega Evolution.
Korrina, can your Lucario
Mega Evolve, too?
KORRINA
'Nope! You see, Lucario
doesn't have a Mega Stone yet.'
Oh, no Mega Stone?
So, you just have
the Key Stone right now?
Yup! My grandfather
gave it to me.
Oh, yeah, the first person ever
to Mega Evolve a Lucario
was one of my ancestors,
isn't that wild?
‐ One of your ancestors?
‐ Yup!
It's part of the tradition
of the Shalour City Gym
to have a Gym Leader there
with a Pokémon,
that can Mega Evolve.
GRANDPA
'Now. Listen well.'
'In order for Lucario
to Mega Evolve'
'you'll need a Key Stone'
'as well as a Mega Stone.'
Huh.. So, I just need to go
to Geosenge Town
and get a Mega Stone!
GRANDPA
'Mega Evolution is an Evolution'
'that transcends
all other Evolution.'
'It goes without saying
that you need'
'both a Mega Stone
and a Key Stone.'
'But, what is more important
is the bond of trust'
'between you and your Pokémon.'
Yup, yup, yup!
We need a strong bond!
I get it! I get it!
Lucario and I will get
strong together!
Okay, grandpa, we're going!
'We decided we needed
hundred victories in a row'
before we went
to Geosenge Town.
That's what Lucario
and I have been doing!
[AGREEMENT]
So, when you challenged me
you were going
for victory number ninety‐nine?
[SHOCKED]
But having ninety‐nine
victories in a row..
I know you're a Gym Leader
and everything
but that sounds a little
hard to believe.
Oh, I've got proof! See this?
‐ They're footprints!
‐ Wow!
Wow! They're from Pokémon
you battled against?
Yup! I asked them
to stamp their paws!
'Here's a print from a Pangoro'
'whose Trainer is named Kramer.'
'And this one is from
a Krookodile'
with a Trainer named Seth,
and.. Huh..
‐ Huh?
‐ What's the matter?
I forgot to ask Pikachu
to stamp its paw!
[CONFUSED]
KORRINA
'Now, don't mind me..'
'There.'
‐ Huh?
‐ Huh? That's ketchup.
[Clemont chuckles]
Mm‐hm. Mm‐hm. Mm‐hm.
This is perfect!
[EXCITED]
So, that Lucario
could Mega Evolve
not to mention beating
the Thunderbolts out of Pikachu.
Now, that's an offer
we can't refuse.
We may not have been
able to catch Gardevoir
but Lucario's a done deal!
We'll cop the Key Stone
and Pikachu. Ooh.
We'll get that Mega Stone
from Geosenge Town
and then both Lucario
and Pikachu
will Mega Evolve
right on the spot!
And when the Boss
gets a load of the mound
of Mega‐Evolved Pokémon
we've put together
he'll flip his lid.
Then let's set
the stealing stage.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
One more Trainer left.
Who'll be my hundredth
straight victory?
'Maybe Serena?'
'Or maybe Clemont?'
‐ 'Attention, miss.'
‐ Huh?
‐ 'Yes, you!'
JESSIE ON SPEAKER
'Is that Lucario your partner?'
‐ Uh..
‐ Who's that?
JAMES
Certainly nobody suspicious!
We're the Mega Evolution
Consulting Group.
Mega Evolution what?
Our job is to give you
a consultation
concerning how strong
your Pokémon will become
and what kind of moves
it'll use, once it Mega Evolves.
JESSIE
We're also aware that your
Lucario wishes to Mega Evolve
'using the Mega Stone
from Geosenge Town.'
Now, how do you know that?
See, when it comes
to Mega Evolution
we know everything
there is to know
from soup to dessert!
Wow! That's cool!
[AMAZED]
A thorough consultation
is in order.
I sense our encounter
was meant to be.
Wait. There's no need.
We're already
super strong anyway.
And as soon as
Lucario Mega Evolves
we'll become stronger than
we ever were before!
It's a free consultation
so there's no reason to decline.
[Jessie chuckles]
MEOWTH
Now, step right this way!
JESSIE
We'll need to take this as well.
[Jessie chuckles]
‐ That's mine!
‐ Fear not!
‐ It's safe with us.
‐ Uh..
Hey!
Since, we're here, we'll look
into Pikachu's Mega Evolution!
Huh?
We'll tell you everything.
Like, how strong Pikachu
will become
when you use the Mega Stone
from Geosenge Town.
‐ Now..
‐ Huh?
[STRUGGLING]
Huh? Hey, wait!
So, if Pikachu
can Mega Evolve, too
then I wanna find out
if Dedenne can.
Please tell me, please?
JESSIE
Oh, what a shame.
There's no way Dedenne
could have a Mega Evolution.
BONNIE
What? Why not?
‐ There.
‐ So.
JESSIE
I think it's time we begin.
‐ Hold on a second!
‐ Huh?
How do you know
that there's a Mega Stone
in Geosenge Town, anyway?
Our job is to know
all of that stuff!
JAMES
Along with a Key Stone
it's needed to facilitate
a Pokémon 's Mega Evolution!
JESSIE
Everybody knows that.
A Pokémon will Mega Evolve
with the use of two stones.
You're wrong!
There are different Mega Stones.
Each Pokémon requires its own
specific Mega Stone
to Mega Evolve!
'The Mega Stone in Geosenge Town
is Lucarionite'
'and only Lucario
can Mega Evolve with it!'
[gasping]
Professor Sycamore was talking
about the same thing.
He said Gardevoir's Mega
Stone was Gardevoirite.
JAMES
Uh, now that I think of it,
he did say that.
So, what we're sayin' is,
Pikachu won't be
able to Mega Evolve,
using Lucarionite.
How could you forget something
as important as that?
[chuckles]
Alright, what kind of
Mega Evolution
consulting group are you?
Who are you guys anyway?
JAMES
The jigs up. It's Showtime.
[SHOCKED]
ASH/KORRINA/SERENA
Huh?
Open this thing up!
Pikachu!
[all gasping]
'Team Rocket!'
That's our name,
don't wear it out.
When uttered by Twerps,
it clouds its clout!
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love!
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
JESSIE
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
JAMES
Surrender now or prepare
for a Mega‐Evolved fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Ugh, come back here,
Team Rocket!
LUCARIO/PIKACHU
[ANGRY]/[PANIC]
ASH
'Pikachu!'
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Lucario!
[PROUD]
KORRINA
Team Rocket?
BONNIE
They're really bad guys who are
'always trying to steal
people's Pokémon!'
Tiny Twerp's right.
We populate a terrifying
and mysterious organization
that performs unseemly
acts of evil every day!
All I care about
is getting Lucario back!
JAMES
'Blah, blah, blah!'
JESSIE
We'll Mega Evolve
both Lucario and Pikachu
and create an invincible
Mega‐Evolved Pokémon posse
the likes of which
the world has never seen!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Meanwhile,
here's a parting gift!
[all gasping]
‐ Smoked them again.
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Oh, man.
‐ Don't worry!
We'll get Lucario
and Pikachu back!
SERENA
But how do we find out
where Team Rocket went?
That's easy.
I have the perfect device
for this situation!
Ha! The future is now,
thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
I'll handle this!
ASH
Ah, Korrina!
‐ Korrina! Ash!
‐ Huh?
[panting]
Come on, Clemont, hurry up!
Huh, coming!
Our first stop is Geosenge Town
to find the Lucarionite.
Then we can locate
the Pikachunite
at a more leisurely pace!
But how do we know that
Pikachunite really exists?
We don't know for certain
if Pikachu
will even be
able to Mega Evolve.
Negative thinking
prevents me
from having a nice day!
So, stop it!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH
Yipes! They're trying
to fly the coop!
You're wasting your move groove!
‐ 'That cage is attack‐proof!'
‐ 'Dig it!'
'The only thing you lugs
are gonna get is tired!'
[instrumental music]
Pikachu!
Lucario!
[Clemont panting]
Maybe, they didn't come
this way.
[panting]
Do you always
have to run so fast?
Well, maybe you run too slow.
[FRUSTRATED]
Yup. Lucario's here.
They're not far away.
You can really sense
where Lucario is?
That's incredible!
Uh‐huh, I can.
The two of us have been together
ever since we were young.
We played together.
Laughed together.
Ate together.
Fought together.
We grew up like siblings.
Lucario and I share
an unbreakable bond!
That's something that
will never change.
I just know.
Lucario's waiting for me
to rescue it!
Isn't that little
more than a hunch though?
Yup! But I just know!
Hey, Diantha said something
like that as well.
She and Gardevoir could sense
each other.
‐ 'I believe you.'
‐ Huh?
Pikachu and I have traveled
all this way together, too.
We've trusted
and helped each other
and battled as a team!
It's exactly the same for us
as for you!
[chuckles]
Leave it to me!
PIKACHU
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
LUCARIO
[FRUSTRATED]
Maybe you should start
collecting stamps, or something.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[CONFIDENT]
[EXCITED]
[SWORDS DANCE MOVE]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
I guess you'll just
have to learn the hard way.
'Your Electro Ball is useless!'
[POWER‐UP PUNCH MOVE]
[screaming]
Combinin' moves
should be against the law!
[all screaming]
[PANIC]
Huh! This way!
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
[DODGING]
We wouldn't dream of letting you
leave so soon.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Okay, Inkay, Psybeam!
Alright, Pumpkaboo,
use Dark Pulse!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
PIKACHU
[FRANTIC]
LUCARIO/PIKACHU
[PAINED]
MEOWTH
Playtime's over!
Now, come with us like
good little Twerp Pokémon!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[STRUGGLING]
ASH
'Stop it, Team Rocket!'
[RELIEVED]
[panting]
Incoming Twerps!
Lucario, are you alright?
‐ You okay, Pikachu?
PIKACHU [REASSURING]
Alright!
You got the Key Stone
back from them!
You're the best, Lucario!
[AFFECTIONATE]
Thank goodness,
we found you!
DEDENNE
[HAPPY]
I say we settle this
with a Pokémon battle
and may the worst Twerp lose!
So, how about a Tag Battle
for your one hundredth in a row?
Yeah! Let's do this, Ash!
Ready, Pikachu?
[READY]
Let's show them, Lucario!
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Lucario, use Bone Rush!
[BONE RUSH MOVE]
I didn't know you could
do that with Bone Rush!
We're not through!
Inkay!
I want you to use
Tackle on Lucario!
[TACKLE MOVE]
Lucario, Power‐Up Punch!
[POWER‐UP PUNCH]
Lucario did it again.
JAMES
Inkay, no!
Must I fix everything?
Shadow Ball!
Alright, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
[chuckles]
We did it!
That's a hundred wins in a row!
Uh‐oh. I did it again!
I forgot to get
their footprints!
Guess it's too late now.
No biggie, no biggie!
LUCARIO
[PROUD]
[laughs]
We won a hundred battles
in a row
and we're definitely much
stronger now.
It's time to head
to Geosenge Town.
[DETERMINED]
Hey, can we go to
Geosenge Town with you?
I really wanna see
Lucario's Mega Evolution!
PIKACHU [AGREEMENT]
I want to see that, too!
What a rare opportunity!
Me too! Me too! Me too!
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
We can't pass up
an opportunity to see
the secrets behind
Mega Evolution
and the Mega Stone
with our very own eyes!
Uh..
I'll show you Mega Lucario!
You can come with us!
Now, that that's settled,
let's go!
Huh? Do we really
have to run again?
SERENA
Come on, Clemont!
BONNIE
Hurry, hurry, big brother!
NARRATOR
Our heroes have unexpectedly
run into Korrina
the Shalour Gym Leader,
and her partner, Lucario.
Now, as the search for
Lucarionite begins
everyone heads
for Geosenge Town
as the journey continues!
[theme music]